Ezra: MY SISTER AND I BEGAN
THE RECLAMATION PROJECT
40 YEARS AGO.
WE RECOVER ART LOOTED
FROM NAZI-OCCUPIED COUNTRIES
DURING THE SHOAH.
Olivia: THERE IS ONE PIECE
IN PARTICULAR
THAT WE HAVE BEEN TRYING TO
RECOVER FOR SOME TIME.
IT'S A GUSTAV KLIMT.
[ SIGHS ]
I LOVE THE SYMBOLISTS.
IT BELONGED TO MY FATHER.
HE SMUGGLED IT OUT
JUST BEFORE...
THE PAINTING
MADE IT OUT OF EUROPE.
HE DID NOT.
MR. FORD, I HAVE SEARCHED
MY ENTIRE LIFE
FOR THAT PAINTING.
NOW WE KNOW
IT IS HERE IN BOSTON.
Sophie:
OH, WELL, IF IT'S ON DISPLAY,
THEN YOU CAN MAKE A CLAIM
WITH THE MUSEUM
IF YOU THINK
YOU HAVE PROVENANCE.
Ezra:
IT'S ON DISPLAY...
BUT NOT IN A MUSEUM.
MR. NORTH BOUGHT THE PAINTING
ON THE BLACK MARKET
KNOWING FULL WELL ITS HISTORY.
HE'S GOT IT HANGING UP
IN HIS OFFICE.
YEAH.
WE HAVE TRIED
EVERY LEGAL AVENUE,
BUT HE EVEN BRIBED A JUDGE
TO DISMISS THE CASE.
NORTH OWNS THE LARGEST
SOFTWARE COMPANY IN THE STATE.
HE HAS UNLIMITED MONEY
AND TWICE AS MANY LAWYERS.
CAN YOU HELP US?
IT'S WHAT WE DO.
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
MONTGRAFT & ASSOCIATES.
ONE MOMENT.
CAN I HELP YOU?
SPEAK TO THE BOSS.
YEAH, UH,
DETECTIVE, UH, MARLOWE.
THIS IS DETECTIVE ARCHER.
IS THERE A PROBLEM?
YEAH, WE HAVE
A, UH, WARRANT HERE
TO, UH, SEARCH
YOUR, UH, PREMISES.
YOUR BOSS IS A WANTED MAN,
YOUNG LADY.
CLOSE IT UP.
I THINK SOMETHING'S GOING ON.
I DON'T LIKE THIS
GOING THROUGH THE WRONG OFFICE.
IT FEELS LIKE CHEATING.
NORTH IS ONE OF THOSE GUYS
WHO HAS THE LATEST EVERYTHING,
INCLUDING SECURITY.
HIS OFFICE
IS ONE BIG MOUSETRAP.
WHAT, SO INSTEAD
WE DON'T EVEN TRY?
THAT'S WEAK.
THIS IS IT. THE KLIMT IS BEHIND
THE WALL RIGHT HERE.
[ BEEPING ]
MR. MONTGRAFT IS IN NEW YORK
ON BUSINESS.
HE PROBABLY SKIPPED TOWN.
-HALFWAY TO CANADA BY NOW.
-MM.
NO, HE'S SUPPOSED TO BE BACK
TOMORROW.
YEAH.
WELL, NO, HE'S NOT COMING BACK.
AND, UH, YOU BETTER HOPE
AND PRAY HE  DOESN'T  COME BACK.
-YOU'RE JUST HIS TYPE.
-OH, YEAH.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, "HIS TYPE"?
WELL...
IT CAN'T BE  THAT  HARD.
ARE YOU CRAZY?
THE MAN HAS A PDX-500
ROTATING ENCRYPTION SYSTEM.
ROTATING.
DO YOU EVEN KNOW WHAT THAT IS?
SOME OTHER CREW
MIGHT BE CRAZY ENOUGH
TO TACKLE THAT SYSTEM HEAD-ON,
BUT IT'S AN IMPOSSIBLE HACK.
THEY WOULD HAVE TO
TAP THE NETWORK DIRECTLY
FROM A TERMINAL
INSIDE THE OFFICE.
EVEN IF THEY DID
GET INTO THE SYSTEM,
THEY WOULD ONLY HAVE
THREE MINUTES OF ACCESS TIME
BEFORE THE ENCRYPTION PROGRAM
RESETS ITSELF
AND LOCKS THEM OUT.
TIMER IS SET.
THREE MINUTES AND COUNTING.
[ BEEPING ]
I STILL THINK I COULD GET IN.
[ SAW BUZZES ]
YOU'RE GOOD,
BUT NOBODY'S  THAT  GOOD.
IN AND OUT IN UNDER
THREE MINUTES IS BAD ENOUGH.
BUT NORTH'S OFFICE HAS
A PRESSURE-SENSITIVE FLOOR
AND THERMAL DETECTORS
THAT OPERATE UNDER
AN ENTIRELY DIFFERENT SYSTEM.
Parker:
MM-HMM.
I GUESS CHEATING HAS
ITS ADVANTAGES.
Hardison:
IT'S EASIER TO HACK A WALL
THAN A HIGH-TECH
SECURITY SYSTEM.
Eliot:
[ GRUNTS ]
AND NOW THE KLIMT IS OURS.
DID HE EVER EXPRESS AN INTEREST
IN THE COLOR
OF YOUR TOENAIL POLISH?
-WHAT? NO.
-DID HE HAVE A WOOD CHIPPER?
DID HE EVER ASK YOU
TO COME TO HIS HOME
TO SEE HIS WOOD CHIPPER?
NO.
HARDISON:
We got a problem.
Parker:
AT LEAST WE GOT  A  PAINTING.
Hardison: MAYBE THEY WON'T
NOTICE THE DIFFERENCE.
"DOGS PLAYING POKER"?
SERIOUSLY?
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
SOPHIE?
Parker: MAYBE HE SAW
THE MAGAZINE PHOTO AND SPOOKED.
THE MAN BOUGHT HOLOCAUST ART
ON THE BLACK MARKET
AND HUNG IT FOR DISPLAY
IN HIS OFFICE.
YOU THINK HE'D CARE
IF ANYBODY KNOWS HE'S GOT IT?
GUYS, JUST A MINUTE, ALL RIGHT?
WE GOT BEAT.
SOMEBODY BEAT US TO THE PUNCH.
SO I JUST GOT OFF THE PHONE
WITH OUR CLIENTS.
TOLD THEM WE COULDN'T RECOVER
THEIR DEAD FATHER'S PAINTING.
ANYONE WANT TO EXPLAIN WHY?
-WHERE'S SOPHIE?
-Eliot: I'M ON IT.
NAZIS!
MAYBE THEY WANT THE STUFF BACK
THAT THEY STOLE.
YOU KNOW?
SECRET NAZIS.
IT'S GOING TO VOICEMAIL.
I'M GONNA TRY COMMS.
SOPHIE?
SO-- HEY.
NATE WANTS TO KNOW WHY YOU --
I'D SAY THAT'S
A PRETTY GOOD REASON.
HOW YOU DOING?
OH, YOU KNOW.
YEP, THAT'S A BOMB.
I RECOGNIZE THAT CIRCUIT.
IT'S MOTION TRIGGERED.
ANY SUDDEN MOVEMENT IS GONNA
CAUSE DISPLACEMENT OF THE WATER.
IT'LL SET IT OFF.
IS THAT C-4?
Sophie:
OH! PARKER...
PLEASE DON'T POKE
AT THE MOTION-SENSITIVE BOMB.
SORRY.
SO, UH...SECRET ADMIRER?
WELL, IT'S NO SECRET
THEY WANT ME DEAD.
WHAT DO YOU THINK, MAN?
HE'LL HAVE TO REACH INTO
THE VASE TO DISARM IT.
IT'D GO OFF.
WELL, LET'S NOT DO THAT, THEN.
Parker: UNH-UNH.
DO YOU HAVE ANY INSTANT PUDDING?
[ SIGHS ]
THE POWDER HARDENS THE LIQUID,
TRICKS THE BOMB INTO THINKING
IT'S NOT MOVING.
Eliot: SHOULD GIVE YOU
A LITTLE WIGGLE ROOM.
VERY LITTLE.
ALL RIGHT.
WHAT'S THE PLAN, ELIOT?
HOW FAST CAN YOU RUN?
ALL RIGHT.
EVERYBODY GET OUT OF HERE
RIGHT NOW.
I'M GONNA STAY. I'M GONNA STAY
WITH SOPHIE, ALL RIGHT?
WE'RE NOT LEAVING YOU, SOPHIE.
LOOK, I APPRECIATE
WHAT YOU GUYS ARE TRYING TO DO,
BUT JUST -- IF YOU DON'T GET OUT
OF HERE NOW,
THEN -- THEN I'M GONNA KILL YOU
MYSELF WHEN THIS IS OVER.
SO JUST...
[ EXHALES DEEPLY ]
JUST GET OUT!
ALL RIGHT.
DON'T THROW IT UP IN THE AIR.
THE DEVICE WILL HIT THE BOTTOM
AND IT'LL GO OFF.
JUST LET GO AND DROP IT.
OKAY.
YOU TOO. GO ON.
NO. I'M STAYING.
I'M STAYING RIGHT HERE.
UNH-UNH.
LISTEN,
IT'S GONNA BE FINE, NATE.
YOU KNOW ME.
SOPHIE.
PLEASE.
DO IT EXACTLY THE WAY HE SAID.
[ EXHALES DEEPLY ]
[ INHALES SHARPLY ]
[ BIRDS CHIRPING ]
SHE HAD A WAY OF TAKING CARE
OF PEOPLE, YOU KNOW?
SHE WAS A SISTER...
SHE WAS A BEST FRIEND...
ALL ROLLED INTO ONE.
I'M GONNA MISS YOU, SOPH--
SO-O-O-O-O MUCH, KATHERINE.
KATHERINE AND I
HAVE KNOWN EACH OTHER FOREVER.
ALMOST TWO YEARS.
YEAH, I KNOW THAT PROBABLY
DOESN'T SOUND LIKE A LOT TO YOU,
BUT IT IS TO ME.
I NEVER REALLY HAD MANY FRIENDS.
WHICH IS WHY LOSING HER
IS SO HARD.
[ EXHALES DEEPLY ]
IT'S SO CREEPY.
I MEAN, SHE'S REALLY DEAD.
I WAS JUST TALKING TO HER
AND NOW SHE'S JUST LAYING THERE.
[ COUGHS ]
SHE WAS JUST LAYING THERE.
-CAN YOU HEAR ME?
-PARKER. PARKER.
I'M -- I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY, Y'ALL.
WHAT -- WHAT SHE REALLY MEANS
IS JUST, UM,
KATHERINE WAS LIKE FAMILY.
AND SOMETIMES, FRIENDS ARE
ALL THE FAMILY THAT YOU HAVE.
SO...
YOU -- YOU GOOD?
COME ON. JUST -- LET --
JUST KEEP GOING.
YOU GOT ALL HYSTERICAL
AND EMOTIONAL.
SEE ANY SUSPECTS?
NO ONE JUMPS OUT AT ME.
ME NEITHER.
WHAT MAKES YOU SO SURE
THEY'RE GONNA SHOW UP?
LISTEN, WHEN YOU GO THROUGH
THE TROUBLE OF KILLING SOMEONE
THE LIKES OF A SOPHIE DEVEREAUX,
YOU MAKE SURE THEY'RE DEAD.
[ SIGHS ]
NOT MUCH OF A TURNOUT, IS IT?
JESUS. YOU'RE -- YOU'RE DEAD.
YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO CARE.
I MEAN, IS THIS IT?
HUH?
BURIED IN A STRANGER'S GRAVE,
HARDLY ANY MOURNERS.
-IT'S NOT YOU.
-IT  IS  ME.
WELL, AT LEAST IT'S THE ME
THAT ANYBODY KNOWS.
YEAH, LISTEN, KAT,
YOU GOT TO GET OUT OF HERE.
YOU'RE GONNA BLOW THE CON.
NO. IT'S FINE.
NO ONE'S GONNA RECOGNIZE ME.
HOW'S THAT?
NATE, I'M ACTING.
Clergyman: THE LORD IS
MY SHEPHERD, I SHALL NOT WANT.
[ SIGHS ]
IT'S A SHAME, REALLY.
SO BEAUTIFUL, SO...YOUNG.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
YOU KNOW HER WELL?
YEAH, WE WERE FRIENDS
A LONG TIME.
I'M SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS.
YOURS, TOO.
HOW DO YOU --
HOW DID YOU KNOW KATHERINE?
KATHERINE?
[ CHUCKLES SOFTLY ]
WHEN WE KNEW EACH OTHER,
SHE, UM...
SHE WENT BY A DIFFERENT NAME.
ACTRESSES.
I SUPPOSE WE SHOULD TAKE
SOMETHING TO HEART FROM THIS.
MISTAKES CAN GET YOU KILLED.
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
GAS LINE BROKE.
MM.
THAT IS THE STORY.
RIGHT.
AND NOW LET US BE COMFORTED
BY THE WORDS OF...
LET'S GET OUT OF HERE.
FRIEND OF YOURS?
WELL, IF BY THAT YOU MEAN
MURDEROUS, TREACHEROUS
BACKSTABBER, THEN YES.
YEAH, I THOUGHT SO.
SEEMED LIKE YOUR TYPE.
[ SCOFFS ]
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
Hardison: SECURITY-CAMERA
FOOTAGE FROM SOPHIE'S APARTMENT.
TRYING TO SEE
WHO DELIVERED THE BOMB,
BUT WITH NOTHING
FOR REFERENCE,
FACIAL RECOGNITION
CAN'T NARROW IT DOWN.
NO NEED.
I KNOW EXACTLY WHO'S TO BLAME.
[ BEEP ]
MARCUS STARKE.
BRILLIANT GRIFTER,
EVEN BETTER FORGER.
-STOP IT.
-IT'S LIKE YOU'RE HAUNTING US.
PARKER, I'M NOT REALLY DEAD.
-I'M NOT DEAD!
-OKAY.
WE USED TO WORK TOGETHER.
WE DID THE COPENHAGEN JOB
IN '97,
THE BERLIN POLYTECH JOB IN '98,
AND, NATE, REMEMBER -- REMEMBER
THAT GREAT RUN IN MOSCOW?
"THAT GREAT RUN"?
I CHASED YOU FOR THREE MONTHS.
WELL, UH, TECHNICALLY,
YOU CHASED  US.
SORRY.
A-ARE YOU SAYING THAT YOU SAW
OTHER TEAMS BEFORE US?
REALLY JUST ANOTHER NATE
BEFORE NATE.
LET ME ASK YOU A QUESTION --
WHAT BUGS YOU MORE,
IS IT THE FACT
THAT HE WAS WITH SOPHIE FIRST
OR THAT HE OUTSMARTED YOU?
MOVING ON.
Sophie: UM, STARKE DOESN'T KEEP
A PERMANENT CREW.
HE SPECIALIZES IN WHIZ MOBS.
HE PUTS A TEAM TOGETHER,
THEY SLAM INTO TOWN
FOR ONE HIGH-PROFILE JOB,
AND THEN THEY SCATTER.
...73, IT'S A WHITE...
BUT USUALLY THEY DO ONE SM--
THEY DO ONE SMALLER JOB FIRST
JUST TO WORK OUT THE KINKS
IN THE TEAM.
LIKE OUR CLIENTS' PAINTING,
FOR EXAMPLE.
WRONG PLACE, WRONG TIME.
STARKE MUST HAVE SEEN ME,
AND NOW THAT I'M
ONE OF THE GOOD GUYS,
DECIDED TO GET RID OF ME,
BECAUSE...WHY?
BECAUSE...
BECAUSE I KNOW HIS SCAMS.
I KNOW HIS FAVORITE SCAM.
CAFé AND A MOONLIT TERRACE.
Sophie:
THE MONA LISA VARIANT.
[ GASPS ] OOH!
THAT WAS THE FIRST ONE
I LEARNED.
IN 1911
THE MONA LISA WAS STOLEN.
AND THE CON MAN WHO DID IT
MADE SIX IDENTICAL COPIES.
Nate: AND THEN THEY PUT THEM
ON THE BLACK MARKET,
AND EACH BUYER THOUGHT
THAT THEY HAD THE ORIGINAL.
SO DUDE SOLD THE SAME PAINTING
SIX TIMES.
Nate: YEP.
HARDISON, PULL UP
ALL THE AUCTIONS IN BOSTON
IN THE NEXT TWO DAYS.
STARKE NEVER STAYS IN A CITY
MORE THAN TWO DAYS.
WAIT A MINUTE.
NOT -- NOT MUSEUMS?
Nate: NO, NO.
STARKE LIKES TO USE AUCTIONS
TO FIGURE OUT
WHO WANTS THE PAINTING.
HE PICKS WHO HE'S
GONNA SELL THE FAKES TO.
THAT BIT WAS ACTUALLY
MY PART OF THE SCAM.
I MADE THAT UP.
IT'S GOOD, ISN'T IT?
THAT'S STILL
A LOT OF PAINTINGS.
YEAH, IT'S HIGH-PROFILE.
A SCAM LIKE THIS REQUIRES
A LOT OF PUBLICITY,
PAINTINGS $10 MILLION OR MORE.
HE DOES
ALL HIS OWN FORGERIES --
POSTIMPRESSIONISTS, LATE 1800s.
THERE.
THAT'S IT.
VAN GOGH.
HE HAS A SOFT SPOT FOR VAN GOGH.
LET'S JUST MAKE IT FIVE.
AND  THAT
IS THE MONA LISA SCAM.
SO WE JUST --
WE CALL THE COPS.
-WE HAVE THEM SHOW UP.
-Sophie: NO.
STARKE GOES DOWN FOR THIS,
THERE'S NO GUARANTEE
WE CAN GET THAT PAINTING BACK
FOR THE MERCERS.
HE EVEN  SMELLS  THE POLICE,
AND HE'S GONNA RUN,
AND WE'LL GET NOWHERE NEAR IT.
HE DID TRY TO KILL YOU, SOPHIE.
WE RISK OUR LIVES ALL THE TIME.
I...
NO.
WE NEED TO BARTER.
WE NEED SOMETHING TO TRADE
FOR THE MERCERS' PAINTING.
SUCH AS?
THAT.
THAT'S WHAT HE'S COME FOR.
THAT'S WHAT HE WANTS.
WE JUST GOT TO GET THERE FIRST.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
OKAY, PARKER.
TALK TO ME.
PARKER: Present.
HOW WE DOING?
WHAT'S GOING ON SECURITY-WISE
AT THIS PLACE?
HUH?
Well...
THE USUAL COUNTERMEASURES.
NOTHING WE CAN'T HANDLE.
ELIOT: Actually, I'm more
of a Jack man myself,
but when in Rome...
-THANK YOU, SWEETHEART.
-UH-HUH.
I WISH SOPHIE WAS HERE.
SHE'S THE ONE WHO LIKES TO PLAY
ALL THIS DRESS-UP STUFF.
I MISS HER.
SOPHIE:
I'm not dead.
I'M RIGHT HERE, PARKER.
SO, THIS IS, UM...
IT'S WHAT YOU DO, RIGHT?
YOU TAKE -- YOU TAKE FOOTAGE
OF US ON CONS
AND YOU -- YOU -- YOU --
DOWNLOAD IT INTO THAT?
YEAH, I ANALYZE IT,
I MONITOR COMMS,
I SCAN FOR ALL
POLICE FREQUENCIES, I --
YOU HAD NO IDEA
I DO ALL THIS, DID YOU?
-WELL --
-DOES NOBODY RESPECT THE VAN?
THE VAN IS IMPORTANT.
WHAT -- WHAT IS THAT?
IT'S LEMON-ZEST TEA.
I GOT TO TELL YOU,
IT'S -- IT'S A LITTLE BIT --
IT'S A LITTLE BIT WHIFFY
IN HERE.
IT SMELLS LIKE HARD WORK.
THAT'S WHAT IT SMELLS LIKE.
D-- "WHIFFY."
OKAY, GUYS, I'VE GOT THE
AUCTION-HOUSE MANAGER IN SIGHT.
UH, NOW, IF YOU TAKE
HIS WALLET AND BADGE,
IT SHOULD BE A CAKEWALK.
HARDISON: Eliot, check out
the back corridor.
I think I see an access point.
THAT WAS SOME NICE THINGS
YOU SAID AT MY FUNERAL.
Hardison: WAIT.
WE -- WE TRUST NATE
TO MAKE SURE THE PLAN WORKS.
WE TRUST YOU
TO MAKE SURE WE'RE ALL OKAY.
[ STATIC ]
MAN: It's a blind spot in
the cameras if you can find it.
HELLO?
WHO IS THIS?
OH, I PROBABLY SHOULDN'T,
BUT I WILL.
GOT THE BADGE.
JUST NEED TO GET THE WALLET.
HM.
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
MAN:
I said, "Who is this?"
HEY. UH...
YOU ARE BUMPING INTO
MY BABY-MONITOR FREQUENCY,
SO WHAT I'M GONNA NEED YOU
TO DO,
'CAUSE LITTLE SHILOH
NEEDS TO TAKE A NAP,
IS TURN YOURS OFF, 'KAY?
THANKS.
Your baby
is incredibly intelligent.
HE JUST ATTEMPTED TO LAUNCH
A MULTIPLE-VARIANT COMPUTER WORM
AT MY BABY MONITOR'S FIREWALL.
GUYS, WE HAVE A VISITING TEAM.
[ KEYS CLACKING ]
Hardison: SWITCHING TO BACKUP
COMM FREQUENCIES.
ELIOT, THEY'RE HERE.
THEY'RE HERE.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
WHO'S HERE?
Man:
EXCUSE ME. WAITER?
YES, SIR.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATION ]
HARDISON, WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WHO'S --
NATHAN FORD.
I -- I CANNOT BELIEVE I DIDN'T
RECOGNIZE YOU AT THE FUNERAL.
OF COURSE,
I WAS BLINDED BY GRIEF.
AH.
GUILTY CONSCIENCE?
CALL THEM OFF.
NOT GONNA HAPPEN.
YOU BEST CLEAR OUT.
NO SPEAK ENGLISH?
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
HAVE A NICE NIGHT.
HMM.
HMM?
MY PHONE.
HE GOT MY PHONE!
WORD IS ON THE STREET
THAT YOU RUN THE NASTIEST CREW
THIS SIDE OF THE ATLANTIC.
WELL --
[ CLEARS THROAT ] WHAT?
COME ON.
EVERYBODY KNOWS.
YOU ROBBED A BANK AND YOU --
YOU FRAMED A JUDGE.
YOU RIGGED A JURY TO STEAL
A MILLION-DOLLAR SETTLEMENT.
I HEAR THAT YOU EVEN CONNED
THE IRISH MOB
OUT OF A COUPLE OF
MILLION DOLLARS JUST THIS YEAR.
HMM.
NOW, THAT'S STYLE.
THAT'S ONE WAY OF LOOKING AT IT.
SOPHIE: Nate, if you tell him
the truth about us, we're blown.
YOU CANNOT TELL HIM
ABOUT OUR CLIENTS
OR ABOUT US HELPING PEOPLE --
HE'S GONNA USE THAT AGAINST US.
IF YOU KNOW ABOUT US,
THEN YOU WOULD KNOW
TO GET OUT OF MY CITY.
IT'S STILL YOUR CITY, NATE.
I'M -- I'M JUST GONNA
TAKE HER OUT
FOR ONE NIGHT OF CHEAP FUN.
I'LL GET HER BACK TO YOU
IN THE MORNING.
I KNOW THIS STYLE.
THIS IS CHAOS.
[ WILD WEST MUSIC PLAYS ]
CHAOS.
I HEARD YOU WERE IN JAIL.
GUESS I WAS WRONG.
HARDISON.
I HEARD YOU SUCKED.
GUESS I WAS RIGHT.
[ BEEPING, ALARMS BLARING ]
[ HORN HONKING ]
HARDISON!
[ BONES CRACK ]
I SEEM TO HAVE LOST MY WALLET.
[ GASPS ]
WHERE'S MY I.D. CARD?
FOLKS, UH, WE'RE GONNA CLOSE
A LITTLE EARLY TODAY.
WE APPRECIATE YOU
ATTENDING THE GALLERY,
AND IF YOU COULD PLEASE HEAD
TOWARD THE EXITS AT THIS TIME,
I'D APPRECIATE IT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
I WANT THE SECURITY DETAIL
TRIPLED TONIGHT.
CALL THE POLICE.
I WANT A PATROL CAR DRIVE-BY
EVERY 10 MINUTES.
ARE THESE MOTION SENSORS READY?
WE HAVEN'T TESTED THEM.
TURN THEM ON.
I WANT EVERYTHING IN LOCKDOWN.
YOUR PEOPLE BLEW IT.
UH, MY PEOPLE
NEVER MAKE MISTAKES.
WHAT ABOUT SOPHIE?
IS THAT A WARNING?
TAKE IT HOW YOU WANT.
LET'S GO.
[ CHUCKLES ]
OKAY.
NOW, WE KNOW STARKE.
THIS GUY GOES BY THE NAME
APOLLO.
I'VE CHASED HIM
A COUPLE OF TIMES --
INFILTRATION, PHYSICAL SECURITY.
Parker: PEOPLE IN THAT LINE
OF HIGH-RISK WORK
TEND TO BE VERY UNSTABLE.
WE COULD USE THAT.
WRITE THAT DOWN.
Hardison: THIS PERSON HERE IS
EX-MOSSAD, SEALED RECORDS.
MIKEL DAYAN USED TO WORK
BOTH SIDES AS A MERCENARY.
MIKEL DAYAN.
I KNOW THAT NAME.
YOU WERE SCARED TO FIGHT A GIRL.
SHE'D MOP THE FLOOR WITH YOU,
HARDISON.
-I DON'T CARE.
-SERIOUSLY.
SHE ACTUALLY KILLED A GUY ONCE
WITH A MOP.
IT'S A FUNNY STORY, ACTUALLY.
SHE BROKE THE MOP AND TOOK --
ELIOT. ELIOT.
NOW, THIS HERE'S COLIN MASON,
OTHERWISE KNOWN BY HIS
HACKER HANDLE AS "CHAOS."
AS...WHATEVER.
HACKED THE PENTAGON, THE NSA.
THE CIA COMPUTER GUYS
CALL HIM THE KOBAYASHI MARU.
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?
NONE OF Y'ALL GOT THAT?
SERIOUSLY?
-Star Trek.
-THANK YOU.
HOW'S THIS GONNA PLAY OUT?
HE'S BEEN CHALLENGED, OKAY?
HIS -- HIS PRIDE'S HURT.
HIS -- HIS EGO'S AT STAKE.
HE'S -- HE'S GONNA --
HE'S GONNA COME UP WITH
A BIGGER, RISKIER PLAN.
ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT NATE?
NATE. YEAH.
Nate:
THERE'S NO WAY --
THERE'S NO WAY THIS CREW
IS GONNA GET TO THAT PAINTING
BEFORE WE DO -- NO WAY.
WE'RE NOT GIVING UP ON OUR ONLY
HOPE OF HELPING THE MERCERS.
THEY'VE WAITED
THEIR ENTIRE LIVES FOR JUSTICE,
AND WE'RE NOT
GONNA FAIL THEM NOW.
YEAH, YEAH.
THAT. SURE. YEAH.
BUT, I MEAN,
WHO DOES THIS GUY...
THINK HE IS?
NATHAN FORD, THAT'S WHO.
[ SPEAKING HEBREW ]
Chaos: HEY, WHAT DID HE SAY
ABOUT SOPHIE DEVEREAUX?
-DID YOU KILL HER?
-DON'T LISTEN TO THAT. COME ON.
WE FOOLED THEM THE FIRST TIME.
WE DIDN'T EVEN KNOW
THEY WERE THERE.
THIS TIME, WE KNOW THEIR NAMES,
WE KNOW THEIR...
M.O., WE KNOW
THEIR STRENGTHS, WEAKNESSES.
NO, NO, NO. I HAVE NOTICED
A  DISTINCT  LACK OF WEAKNESSES.
WE KNOW THEIR TARGET,
AND EVEN BETTER,
WE KNOW THEIR TIMELINE.
THAT PAINTING'S
GOING UP FOR AUCTION TOMORROW,
AND IT GETS SOLD,
IT WALKS OUT THAT DOOR.
THAT MEANS
THEY HAVE TO HIT IT...
TONIGHT.
NOW, WE'VE BEEN WORKING ON THIS
FOR WEEKS.
WE GOT TO GO IN HOT,
IN AND OUT BEFORE THEY EVEN --
TRIPLED SECURITY SINCE TODAY --
WE BARELY HAD TIME
TO CHECK OUT THE CAMERAS,
THE MOTION SENSORS.
WHATEVER HAPPENS,
ONE WAY OR ANOTHER,
WE ARE WALKING OUT
OF THAT AUCTION HOUSE TONIGHT
WITH THAT PAINTING,
NO MATTER WHAT.
WE ARE GOING TO GET
THAT PAINTING.
NO MATTER WHAT.
GOT IT?
GOT IT.
[ SPEAKS HEBREW ]
GOOD.
YOU GOT IT?
YEAH.
NOW...
LET'S GO STEAL...
OURSELVES A MASTERPIECE.
OKAY.
CAMERAS, ALL CHECK.
MOTION SENSORS ACTIVE.
WE'LL FIRE UP THE LASERS
AFTER PATROL.
HEAD OUT.
Announcer:
AND THAT'S A STEAL BY PARKER.
GAME ON.
Hardison: THE SECURITY CAMERAS
ARE SPOOFED.
THEY DON'T SEE ANYTHING
UNTIL WE WANT THEM TO.
MOTION SENSORS?
Hardison:
I'M STILL WORKING ON THOSE.
YEAH. WELL, WORK FASTER.
SOPHIE, ARE YOU IN POSITION?
I DON'T THINK I'VE DRIVEN
IN THE FRONT
OF ONE OF THESE BEFORE.
EMILY!
-SIR.
-LET ME IN!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M HERE TO SEE EMILY!
THERE'S NO EMILY HERE.
WHAT?
WAIT, SH--
[ MUMBLES ]
SHE MOVED?
HUH?
EMILY...
[ MUMBLING ]
[ AIR HISSES ]
I TRIED TO SAY TO HER I'M SORRY
AND I DON'T --
BECAUSE, AS MEN, WE'RE TAUGHT
TO HIDE OUR EMOTIONS.
YOU SHARE
OR YOU PAY THE PRICE.
YEAH.
HARDISON:
Next left, two intersections.
OKAY, THE GALLERY ROOM
SHOULD BE DIRECTLY BELOW --
UH -- UH-OH. WAIT.
F-FREEZE.
Freeze.
"UH-OH?"
[ SIGHS ]
THAT'S NOT WHAT I WANT TO HEAR.
ONE OF THE MOTION SENSORS
TRIGGERED.
[ BEEPING ]
MOTION SENSORS TRIGGERED.
CALL THE SECUR--
WHOA!
[ SQUEAKING ]
OH, MAN!
[ SIGHS ]
A BIRD GOT IN HERE.
TURN OFF ALL THE MOTION SENSORS
UNTIL WE CAN GET
THIS DAMN THING.
A BIRD?
HOW DID A BIRD --
UH-OH.
WHAT'S WITH ALL THE "UH-OH"S?
YOU WOULDN'T HIT A GIRL,
WOULD YOU?
[ BEEP ]
I HAVE THE CAMERAS NOW,
HARDISON.
NOW  I  HAVE THE CAMERAS
AND  THE MOTION SENSORS.
No...
I HAVE THE CAMERAS
AND THE MOTION SENSORS.
[ GASPS ] LOOK!
I ALSO HAVE THE LASERS.
Announcer:  ON THE RIGHT SIDE
FOR A 3-POINTER. NO GOOD.
IT'S OFF THE BACK OF THE RIM.
AND WATSON ENDS UP WITH IT
ON THE LONG REBOUND.
THOSE MOTION SENSORS GOING OFF,
THAT WAS WEIRD.
GO HOME.
SLEEP IT OFF, BRO.
WE SHOULD GO HIT
THE MAIN GALLERY.
NO, WAIT --
W-W-- J-JUST MAYBE WAIT.
Starke:
WHAT IS GOING ON, GUYS?
MOTION SENSORS WENT OFF, SIR.
I ALREADY CHECKED THAT OUT.
EVERYTHING'S SECURE.
AND WHO'S THIS?
OH. [ CHUCKLES ]
HE JUST GOT LOST. NO PROBLEM.
SIR, YOU OKAY?
YEAH, I'M FINE.
I'M NATHAN FORD.
I'M WITH THE INSURANCE COMPANY.
CAN I HELP YOU?
WHY DON'T WE JUST WALK
OVER HERE, SIR?
COME ON.
I GOT THIS.
WHAT KIND OF BIRD DID YOU USE?
NORTH AMERICAN KESTREL.
IT'S SMALL-BODIED, BUT
ITS WINGSPAN IS EXPANSIVE ENOUGH
THAT IT SETS OFF
THE MOTION DETECTORS.
I WOULD'VE GONE
WITH THE SCARLET TANAGER.
SIMILAR WINGSPAN,
BUT THE BRIGHTER COLORS
ARE MORE DISTRACTING.
YEAH.
THAT WAS MY SECOND CHOICE.
HMM.
[ GASPS ]
HARDISON:
That's the wrong way.
YOU'RE GOING TO COME OUT
ON THE WRONG SIDE OF THE ROOM!
GO! YOUR EXIT
IS DIRECTLY ABOVE THAT PAINTING!
[ STEAM HISSING ]
SO I TOLD THEM,
I'M WITH THE INSURANCE COMPANY,
YOU KNOW,
TO HELP SMOOTH THINGS OVER.
THEY WERE JUST SUPER HELPFUL.
ALL RIGHT.
BLUEPRINTS, SECURITY CODES.
GREAT GUYS.
AND NOW THE LASERS.
GOOD NIGHT, HARDISON.
P-P-PARKER, THE LASERS ARE ON!
FREEZE!
NATE, HE LOCKED ME OUT.
HE HAS TOTAL CONTROL
OF SECURITY.
PARKER?
CAN'T MOVE.
ELIOT?
[ STEAM HISSING ]
ELIOT?!
[ SIREN WAILING ]
YOU ALL OUT OF TRICKS, NATE?
OH, I THINK HE HAS ONE MORE.
SOPHIE?
OOH!
YOU'RE NOT...
DEAD, YES.
YOU WENT THROUGH ALL THIS
JUST TO SET ME UP?
MNH-MNH. NO.
WE WENT THROUGH ALL OF THIS
TO SAVE YOU.
NO, NO.
AAH! UGH!
STAY DOWN.
NOW, HARDISON.
[ HUMMING, WHIRRING ]
CAN'T HACK A CLASSIC.
[ BEEPING ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
A GUN?
[ GRUNTS ]
-DON'T MOVE!
-WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
[ GUN COCKS ]
I GOT HIM!
HE'S IN HERE!
GET DOWN.
NOT ME. HIM.
WHEN THE HELL
DID THE COPS GET HERE?
[  ANNOUNCER CONTINUES  ]
THE POLICE ARE OUTSIDE!
COME ON!
[ HANDCUFFS CLICK ]
-HMM.
GUYS, GUYS.
THIS WOMAN CLAIMS SHE'S A COP.
UH, YEAH.
THEY'RE PARKED OUTSIDE.
THERE YOU ARE.
BACKUP IS CHECKING THE ROOF.
ALL RIGHT, GOOD. I'M GONNA
HAVE THIS DUSTED FOR PRINTS.
OKAY.
CAUGHT ANOTHER ONE
DOWN IN THE AIR VENTS
WITH THIS ROPE
AND CLIMBING GEAR.
COME ON.
QUICK THINKING, WHAT YOU DID,
SETTING OFF ALL THE ALARMS
LIKE THAT.
YOU'RE GONNA BE HEROES.
YEAH, WELL,
THAT'S WHAT THEY PAY US FOR.
THEY SHOULD PAY YOU MORE.
YOU ARE MY HERO.
GUYS, YOU ARE THE SALT
OF THE EARTH, SERIOUSLY.
YOU ARE THE RED IN THE RED CROSS
AND IN THE RED, WHITE, AND BLUE.
I GOT TO GO.
ALL RIGHT. BACK TO YOUR POSTS.
COME ON. LET'S GO.
Starke:
THIS IS SAVING ME HOW?
WELL, AT FIRST,
I THOUGHT IT WAS YOU
THAT SENT ME THAT BOMB
TO KEEP ME FROM RUINING
THIS GIG FOR YOU,
BUT THEN YOU SAID SOMETHING
TO NATE.
WORD ON THE STREET IS
THAT YOU RUN THE NASTIEST CREW
THIS SIDE OF THE ATLANTIC.
NO REASON TO PUT A BOMB
IN SOPHIE'S APARTMENT
IF YOU THOUGHT
SHE WAS STILL A THIEF.
WELL, OF COURSE
SHE'S STILL A THIEF.
SHE'S SOPHIE DEVEREAUX.
YOU KNOW, I WANTED
TO RECRUIT YOU FOR THIS GIG.
OH.
DID YOU TELL ANYONE ELSE
THAT YOU WANTED TO INVITE ME
TO THE PARTY?
YEAH, MY -- MY...
MY CREW.
AND, YOU KNOW, ONCE HARDISON GOT
DECENT PICTURES OF ALL OF THEM,
WELL, YOU KNOW,
THE REST WAS, UH, WAS EASY.
[ BEEPING ]
IT'S A MATCH, BABY.
Nate:
YEAH.
[ GRUNTS ]
I KNEW THAT SHE WAS TROUBLE
FROM THE SECOND
YOU SAID HER NAME!
UGH!
[ ELECTRONIC DEVICE BEEPS ]
HMM.
NOW, WHY WOULD YOU
WANT TO KILL SOPHIE?
CHAOS:
Come on, Starke.
I HAD SET UP
THE PERFECT DOUBLE-CROSS,
AND THEN YOU WANT TO GO
AND BRING IN A NEW PLAYER
AT THE LAST MINUTE?
"OH, AND BY THE WAY, GUYS,
THAT NEW PLAYER IS GONNA BE
SOPHIE DEVEREAUX."
There's no way I'm gonna try to
outcon Sophie Devereaux!
AND I HATE TO BREAK IT TO YOU,
STARKE,
BUT  SHE  WAS THE ONE THAT
EVERYBODY WAS ALWAYS SCARED OF.
IT WAS NEVER YOU.
I'VE GOT A FEELING
THERE'S A BOMB
VERY SIMILAR
TO THE ONE THEY SENT ME
WAITING FOR YOU
IN YOUR GETAWAY CAR.
SOPHIE, COME ON.
I'M NOT AN AMATEUR.
I'M NOT GONNA LET A KEYBOARD
MONKEY LIKE THAT CON ME.
WHERE IS YOUR CAR?
AND IF WE HADN'T COME ALONG,
WHEN, EXACTLY, DO YOU THINK
YOU'D BE GETTING IN IT?
WELL, RIGHT ABOUT...
WHOA!
WHY, THAT LITTLE SON OF A BITCH.
I DON'T THINK
HE'S YOUR PROBLEM NOW.
I AM.
WELL, WHAT DO YOU WANT?
-A DEAL.
-YES.
YOUR PEOPLE IN TRADE FOR
THE FIRST PAINTING YOU STOLE,
THE GUSTAV KLIMT.
DO I LOOK LIKE MOSES?
THEY'RE NOT  MY  PEOPLE.
YOUR REPUTATION WILL BE RUINED.
STARKE GETS
HIS WHOLE TEAM BUSTED.
SO MUCH FOR THE MASTERMIND.
NO ONE'S EVER
GONNA WORK WITH YOU AGAIN.
Nate: AND, OF COURSE,
TO TOP IT ALL OFF,
WE DO HAVE THE, UH,
VAN GOGH THAT YOU CAME FOR.
OH.
WELL...I MEAN...
I'LL TRADE YOU FOR THAT.
YOU REALLY DO RUN THE NASTIEST
CREW THIS SIDE OF THE ATLANTIC.
[ SCOFFS ]
WE'LL BE IN TOUCH.
Starke:
YES, YOU WILL.
SO, WHO'S EMILY, THEN?
EIGHTH GRADE.
I WAS CRAZY ABOUT HER.
AH.
LITTLE TEMPTRESS, HUH?
OH, YOU COULD SAY THAT,
I GUESS.
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
GO.
I CAN TOP THAT.
FRAG GRENADE, SOMALIA.
MYANMAR.
SNIPER.
I WAS A SNIPER IN MYANMAR
FOR A WHILE.
WHEN?
2003.
OH, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
WE CAN'T HAVE THAT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HANDCUFFS. Y'ALL NASTY.
SO, WHEN I HEARD THIS PAINTING
BELONGED TO SOMEBODY ELSE,
I WAS SO, UH...
-DISMAYED?
-SO...
-UH...
-OR, UM, SHOCKED.
SHOCKED, MAYBE?
SHOCKED.
UH, MY ASSOCIATES AND I JUST
DECIDED WE HAD TO RETURN IT.
OH, GOD BLESS YOU!
THAT'S OKAY.
THANK YOU.
-THANK YOU.
-GOD BLESS YOU.
ENOUGH OF THE HUGGING.
AFTER 70 YEARS,
TO SEE JUSTICE DONE...
YOU ARE A FINE MAN.
SO...WHERE'S MINE?
YOU KNOW,
THE SOPHIE DEVEREAUX I KNEW --
SHE'D NEVER WASTE HER TIME
LIKE THIS.
WHAT HAPPENED TO HER?
WELL...
SHE DIED, REMEMBER?
COME ON.
IT WASN'T SO BAD
BEING THE GOOD GUY.
OH, PLEASE.
YOU RAN A COUPLE OF CONS,
YOU COMMITTED ABOUT 12 FELONIES
TRYING TO BLACKMAIL ME,
AND YOU HANDED OVER
A STOLEN MASTERPIECE
JUST TO GET WHAT YOU WANTED.
YOU'RE STILL THIEVES.
AND IN THE END, I STILL WIN.
YOU DID GIVE HIM
ONE OF THE FAKES, DIDN'T YOU?
YES.
OF COURSE.
HE GOT MY PHONE!
[ BEEPING ]
GO, GO! GO!
THANKS FOR LETTING US USE
THE REAL ONE.
YEAH.
I HATE LOOSE ENDS.
LISTEN, I DON'T MEAN TO BE RUDE,
BUT MY FLIGHT TO PARIS LEAVES
IN 10 MINUTES.
NO PROBLEM, SIR.
ROUTINE QUESTION
ABOUT YOUR CHECKED BAGGAGE.
OH, OKAY, GREAT.
WAIT. UM, I DON'T HAVE
ANY CHECKED BAGGAGE, SO...
THAT'S YOUR NAME, ISN'T IT?
THAT'S...
I, UM...
I...
[ DOWN-TEMPO MUSIC PLAYS ]
STARKE WAS RIGHT.
I'M NOT SOPHIE DEVEREAUX
ANYMORE.
I HAVEN'T BEEN FOR AGES.
I...
YOU KILLED HER,
YOU AND YOUR SILLY CRUSADE.
IT'S JUST A NAME.
NO, THEY'RE NOT JUST NAMES,
NOT TO ME.
ALL MY ALIASES,
EVERY ONE OF THEM, I --
I KNOW WHEN THEIR PARENTS DIED.
I KNOW WHEN THEY HAD
THEIR FIRST KISS.
-I --
-SOPHIE.
[ SIGHS ]
YOU'RE THE CLOSEST THING
I'VE EVER HAD TO A REAL FRIEND,
AND I'VE NEVER HEARD YOU SAY
MY REAL NAME.
HOW SAD IS THAT?
SO TELL ME.
HMM.
LET ME -- LET ME FINISH
BURYING SOPHIE FIRST.
FINISH BURYING
THE REST OF THEM...
UNTIL ALL THAT'S LEFT IS ME.
JUST ME.
AND HOW LONG WILL THAT TAKE?
[ MUSIC CONTINUES ]